♪♪♪
♪ FOUND YOU WHEN YOUR
HEART WAS BROKE ♪
♪ I FILLED YOUR CUP
UNTIL IT OVERFLOWED ♪
♪ TOOK IT SO FAR TO KEEP YOU
CLOSE (KEEP YOU CLOSE) ♪
♪ I WAS AFRAID TO LEAVE
YOU ON YOUR OWN ♪
♪ I SAID I'D CATCH
YOU IF YOU FALL ♪
♪ AND IF THEY LAUGH, THEN
FUCK 'EM ALL (ALL) ♪
♪ AND THEN I GOT YOU
OFF YOUR KNEES ♪
♪ PUT YOU RIGHT
BACK ON YOUR FEET ♪
♪ JUST SO YOU CAN TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF ME ♪
♪ TELL ME HOW'S IT FEEL
SITTIN' UP THERE ♪
♪ FEELING SO HIGH BUT TOO
FAR AWAY TO HOLD ME ♪
♪ YOU KNOW I'M THE ONE
WHO PUT YOU UP THERE ♪
♪ NAME IN THE SKY ♪
♪ DOES IT EVER GET LONELY? ♪
♪ THINKING YOU COULD
LIVE WITHOUT ME ♪
♪ BABY, I'M THE ONE WHO
PUT YOU UP THERE ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY (YEAH,
I DON'T KNOW WHY) ♪
♪ THINKING YOU COULD
LIVE WITHOUT ME ♪
♪ LIVE WITHOUT ME ♪
♪ BABY, I'M THE ONE WHO
PUT YOU UP THERE ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY (I DON'T
KNOW WHY, YEAH YEAH) ♪
♪ GAVE LOVE 'BOUT A HUNDRED
TRIES (HUNDRED TRIES) ♪
♪ JUST RUNNING FROM THE
DEMONS IN YOUR MIND ♪
♪ THEN I TOOK YOURS AND MADE
'EM MINE (MADE 'EM MINE) ♪
♪ I DIDN'T NOTICE 'CAUSE
MY LOVE WAS BLIND ♪
♪ SAID I'D CATCH YOU
IF YOU FALL (FALL) ♪
♪ AND IF THEY LAUGH, THEN
FUCK 'EM ALL (ALL) ♪
♪ AND THEN I GOT YOU
OFF YOUR KNEES ♪
♪ PUT YOU RIGHT
BACK ON YOUR FEET ♪
♪ JUST SO YOU CAN TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF ME ♪
♪ TELL ME HOW'S IT FEEL
SITTIN' UP THERE ♪
♪ FEELING SO HIGH BUT TOO
FAR AWAY TO HOLD ME ♪
♪ YOU KNOW I'M THE ONE
WHO PUT YOU UP THERE ♪
♪ NAME IN THE SKY ♪
♪ DOES IT EVER GET LONELY? ♪
♪ THINKING YOU COULD
LIVE WITHOUT ME ♪
♪ BABY, I'M THE ONE WHO
PUT YOU UP THERE ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY (YEAH,
I DON'T KNOW WHY) ♪
♪ THINKING YOU COULD
LIVE WITHOUT ME ♪
♪ LIVE WITHOUT ME ♪
♪ BABY, I'M THE ONE
WHO PUT YOU UP THERE ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY, YEAH ♪
♪ YOU DON'T HAVE TO SAY
JUST WHAT YOU DID ♪
♪ I ALREADY KNOW (I KNOW) ♪
♪ I HAD TO GO AND
FIND OUT FROM THEM ♪
♪ SO TELL ME HOW'S IT
FEEL (OH-WOAH) ♪
♪ TELL ME HOW'S IT FEEL
SITTIN' UP THERE ♪
♪ FEELING SO HIGH BUT TOO
FAR AWAY TO HOLD ME ♪
♪ YOU KNOW I'M THE ONE
WHO PUT YOU UP THERE ♪
♪ NAME IN THE SKY ♪
♪ DOES IT EVER GET LONELY? ♪
♪ THINKING YOU COULD
LIVE WITHOUT ME ♪
♪ BABY, I'M THE ONE WHO
PUT YOU UP THERE ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY (YEAH,
I DON'T KNOW WHY) ♪